Added support for the users accounts that he/she has access to. (#11)
Etison/clickfunnels_auth: README.md

or whatever.

This project rocks and uses MIT-LICENSE.

### Publishing

> #### Credentials
> You'll need a Github personal access token with the correct scopes: `repo`, `write:packages`, `delete:packages`.
> 
> You can create one here: https://github.com/settings/tokens
> 
> Add this token to a local file at `~/.gem/credentials`:
> ```
> :github: Bearer your_token
> ```

Reviewer: We shouldn't need this section since the gem is on RubyGems: https://rubygems.org/gems/clickfunnels_auth

```suggestion
```

#### Building the gem
Increment the gem version at `lib/rucksack-api/version.rb`, and then run `rake build`, which will create the package under `pkg`

> #### Pushing the gem to Github
> Run the following (with your new version) to push to github:
> 
> ```
> gem push --key github --host https://rubygems.pkg.github.com/Etison pkg/rucksack-api-0.1.0.gem
> ```

Reviewer: Update for RubyGems:

```suggestion
#### Pushing the gem to RubyGems
Make sure you have publish permissions to this gem on RubyGems and then run the following (with your new version number) to push to RubyGems:

```
gem push pkg/rucksack-api-0.1.0.gem
```
```
